hello everybody I hope you can hear me
there in Dallas I wish I could be with
you I think that what cope is doing is
more important than ever now that we're
in the midst of such major problems in
in America and my talk today I hope
we'll try to begin with JFK and end with
where we are now
the subject of my talk tonight is today
is the Doomsday project and deep events
JFK Watergate iran-contra and 9/11 in my
talk today I'm going to talk about four
major and badly understood events the
John F Kennedy assassination Watergate
iran-contra and 9/11 I will analyze
these deep events as part of a deeper
political process linking them a process
that has helped build up repressive
power in America at the expense of
democracy in recent years I have been
talking about a dark force behind these
events a force which for want of a
better term I have clumsily called a
deep state operating both within and
outside the public state today and for
the first time I want to identify part
of that dark force a part which is
operated for five decades or more at the
edge of the public state this part of
the dark force has a name not invented
by me the Doomsday project
the Pentagon's name for the emergency
planning to keep the White House and
Pentagon running during and after a
nuclear war or some other major crisis
the talk I'm about to give will be full
of details and at times hard to follow
and some of the most important points
are in footnotes which I won't have time
to read to you today but the point of my
time
is a simple and important one to show
that the Doomsday project of the 1980s
and the earlier emergency planning that
developed into it have been a factor in
the background of all the deep events I
shall discuss more significantly it has
been a factor behind all three of the
disturbing developments that now
threaten American democracy the first of
these three developments is what has
been called the conversion of our
economy into a plutonomy with the
increasing separation of America into
two classes into the hebbs and have-nots
the 1% and the 99% the second is
America's increasing militarization and
above all is incarnation which has
become more and more routine and
predictable to wage or provoke Wars in
remote regions of the globe it is clear
that the operations of this American war
machine have served the 1% the third my
subject today is the important and
increasingly doublet areas impact on
American history of structural deep
events mysterious events like the JFK
assassination the Watergate break-in or
9/11 which violate the American social
structure have a major impact on
American society repeatedly involved law
breaking or violence and in many cases
proceeded from an unknown dark force
there were any number of analyses of
America's current breakdown in terms of
income and wealth disparity also in
terms of America's increasing
militarization and belligerency what I
shall do today is I think new to argue
that both the income disparity and the
belligerency have been fostered
significantly by deep events we must
understand that the income disparity of
America is a current economy was not the
result of market forces working
independently of political intervention
in large part it was generated by a
systematic and deliberate ongoing
political process dating from the
anxieties of the very wealthy in the
1960s and 1970s that control of the
country was slipping away from them this
was the time when Supreme future Supreme
Court justice Lewis Powell in a 1971
memorandum warned that survival of the
free enterprise system depended on quote
careful long-range planning and
implementation of a well financed
response to threats from the left this
warning was answered by a sustained
right-wing offensive coordinated by
think tanks and funded lavishly by a
small group of family foundations we
should recall that all this was in
response to serious riots in Newark
Detroit and elsewhere and that
increasing calls for a revolution were
coming from the lift in Europe as well
as in America but I will focus today on
the right response to that challenge and
on the role of deep events in enhancing
their response what was important about
the Powell memorandum was less the
document itself than the fact that it
was commissioned by the United States
Chamber of Commerce one of the most
influential and least discussed lobbying
groups in America and the memorandum was
only one of many signs of that
developing class war in the 1970s a
larger process working both inside and
outside government including what early
and krystal called a quote intellectual
counter-revolution close quote which led
directly to the so-called Reagan
Revolution it is clear that this larger
process has been carried on for almost
five decades pumping millions of
right-wing dollars into the American
political process what I wish to show
today is that deep events have also been
integral to this right-wing effort
from the John F Kennedy assassination in
63 to 9/11 9/11 resulted in the
implementation of continuity of
government plans Co G plans which in the
Oliver North hearings of 1987 were
called plans for quote the suspension of
the American Constitution close quote
these Co G plans building on earlier
ceiling G planning had all been
carefully developed since 1982 in the so
called dooms day project by a secret
group appointed by Reagan the group was
composed of both public and private
figures including Donald Rumsfeld and
Dick Cheney I shall try to show today
that in this respect 9/11 was only the
culmination of a sequence of deep events
reaching back to the Kennedy
assassination if not earlier and that
the germs of the Doomsday project can be
detected behind all of them more
specifically I shall try to demonstrate
about these deep events that one prior
bureaucratic misbehavior by the CIA and
similar agencies helped to make both the
Kennedy's assassination and 9/11 happen
to the consequences of each deep event
included an increase in top-down
repressive power for these same agencies
at the expense of persuasive Democratic
power three
there are symptomatic overlaps in
personnel between the perpetrators of
each deep event and the next for one
sees in each of these events the
involvement of elements of the
international drug traffic suggesting
that our current plutonomy is also to
some degree are not common eight and
five in the background of each event and
playing an increasingly important role
one sees the Doomsday project they are
turn ative emergency planning structure
with its own communications network
operating as a shadow network outside of
regular government channels so let me
talk first about bureaucratic
misbehavior as a factor contributing to
both the JFK assassination and 9/11
both the JFK assassination and 9/11 were
facilitated in part by the way the FBI
and the CIA manipulated their files
about the alleged perpetrators of each
event Lee Harvey Oswald in the case of
what I shall call JFK and the alleged
hijackers hylene omastar and Nawaf
al-hazmi in the case of 9/11 part of
this facilitation was the decision on
October 9th 1963 of an FBI agent Marvin
Gaye slain to remove Oswald from the FBI
watch list for surveillance this was
shortly after Oswald's arrest in New
Orleans in August and his reported
travel to Mexico in September
obviously these developments should
normally have made us a candidate for
increased surveillance this meant miss
this misbehavior is paradigmatic of the
behavior of other agencies especially
the CIA in both JFK and 9/11
indeed giftings behavior fits very
neatly with the CIA's culpable
withholding from this FBI in the same
month of October information that Oswald
had allegedly met in Mexico City with a
suspected KGB agent Valery kostikova
this also helped ensure that Oswald
would not be surveilled in Dallas
indeed former FBI director Clarence
Kelly in his memoir later complained
that the CIA's withholding of
information was the major source y oz
was not put under surveillance on
November 22nd
1963 a more ominous provocation in 1963
was that of army intelligence one unit
of which in Dallas did not simply
withhold information about Lee Harvey
Oswald it manufactured false
intelligence in a way that seemed
designed to provoke and retaliation
against Cuba I call such provocations
phase one stories efforts to portray
Oswald is a communist conspirator as
opposed to the later phase two stories
also false portraying him as a
disgruntled loner a conspicuous example
of such phase one stories is a cable
from the fourth Army Command in Texas
reporting a tip from a Dallas policeman
who was also in an Army Intelligence
Reserve unit this is the quote Assistant
Chief Don Stringfellow intelligence
section Dallas Police Department
notified 112 intelligence group this
headquarters that information obtained
from Oswald revealed he had defected to
Cuba in 1959 and is a card-carrying
member of Communist Party now this cable
was sent on November 22nd directly to
the US strike command at Fort McDowell
in Florida the base poised for a
possible retaliatory attack against Cuba
this cable was not an isolated
aberration it was supported by other
false phase-1 stories from death from
Dallas about Oswald's alleged rifle and
specifically by concatenated false and
repeated false translations of Marina
Oswald testimony to suggest that
Oswald's rifle in Dallas was one he
owned in Russia these last false reports
apparently unrelated can also be traced
to ossifer officer Don strength
was 488 army intelligence reserve unit
for the interpreter who first supplied
the false translation of marinas words
Illya mamantov was selected by a Dallas
or Lam Jack Crichton and deputy Dallas
police chief George Lumpkin but Crichton
and Lumpkin were also the chief and the
deputy chief of the 488 Army
Intelligence reserve unit Crichton was
also an extreme right winger in the
community of Dallas oilman he was a
trustee of the HL hunt foundation and a
member of the American Friends of the
Katanga freedom fighters a group
organized who opposed Kennedy's policies
in the Congo we have to keep in mind
that some of the Joint Chiefs were
furious that the 1962 Missile Crisis had
not led to an invasion of Cuba and that
in 1963 under new JCS Chairman Maxwell
Taylor the joint she the Joint Chiefs in
May 63 still behaved still believed
excuse me quote that US military
intervention is necessary this is from
one of their documents this was six
months after kennedy to resolve the
missile crisis in october 62 had given
explicit assurances to Khrushchev a Viet
highly-qualified that the United States
would not invade Cuba this did not stop
the j5 of the Joint Chiefs of Staff the
JCS Directorate of plans and policy from
producing a menu of quote fabricated
provocations to justify military
invention close quote one proposed
example of fabricated provocations
envisage violence quote using mig type
mig type aircraft flown by US pilots to
attack surface shipping or to attack US
military close
quote the deceptions about Oswald coming
from Dallas were immediately post
assassination thus they do not by
themselves establish that the
assassination itself was a provocation
deception plot they do however reveal
enough about the anti-castro mindset of
the 488 army intelligence reserve unit
in Dallas to confirm that it was
remarkably similar to that of the j5 the
preceding May the mindset that produced
a menu of fabricated provocations to
attack Cuba
according to Crichton there were about a
hundred men in the four hundred and
eighty eight's reserve unit and about
forty or fifty of them roughly half were
from the Dallas Police Department it
could hardly be accidental that we see
this bureaucratic misbehavior from the
FBI CIA and military the three agencies
with which Kennedy had had serious
disagreements in his truncated
presidency later in this paper I shall
link Dallas oilman jack Crichton to the
1963 emergency planning that became the
Doomsday project but first I'd like to
talk about analogous bureaucratic
misbehavior in the case of 9/11 and it's
so similar that it argues I once
compared JFK to 9/11 but I didn't know
then what I know now so I would like to
go over this again before 9/11 the CIA
in 2002 2001
again flagrantly withheld crucial and
evidence from the FBI evidence that if
shared would have led the FBI to surveil
two of the alleged hijackers khalid al
me star and now Azhar has made this
sustained withholding of evidence
provoked an FBI agent to predict
accurately in August 2001
that quote someday someone will die
close quote
after 9/11 another FBI agent was even
more bitter they the CIA didn't want the
bureau meddling in their business that's
why they didn't tell the FBI and that's
why September 11th happened that is why
it happened they have blood on their
hands they have 3,000 deaths on their
hands
the CIA's withholding of relevant
evidence before 9/11 which was required
by its own rules to supply was matched
in this case by the NSA the National
Security Agency without these holdings
without these with holdings in other
words neither the Kennedy assassination
nor 9/11 could have developed in the
manner in which they did as I wrote in
American war machine it would appear
that Oswald and later al Mathare had at
some prior point being selected as
designated subjects for an operation
this would not initially have been for
the commission of a crime against the
American polity on the contrary steps
were probably taken to prepare Oswald in
connection with an operation against
Cuba and now Mathare I suspect for an
operation against al Qaeda but as
exploitable legends began to accumulate
about both figures it became possible
for some witting people to subvert the
sanctioned operation into a plan for
murder that would later be covered up
and at this point
Oswald and by analogy of Matar was no
longer just a designated subject but now
also a designated culprit Kevin Fenton
in his exhaustive book disconnecting the
dots has since reached the same
conclusion with respect to 9/11 this is
a quote from him it's from ARCA be like
mine although quite independent he said
that by the summer of 2001 the purpose
the CIA purpose of with
holding the information had become to
allow the attacks to go forward a very
serious charge but it's the one that I
also made Fenton has also identified the
person chiefly responsible for the
misbehavior CIA officer Richard bleed
chief chief of the CIA's Bin Ladin unit
Blee while Clinton was still President
had been one of a faction inside CIA
pressing for a more belligerent CIA
involvement in Afghanistan in
conjunction with the Afghan Northern
Alliance this then happened immediately
after 9/11 and Lee himself was promoted
to become the new chief of station in
Kabul now if I at the time I would also
show how CIA and NSA withholding of
evidence in the second Tonkin Gulf in
salute contributed to war with Viet
North Vietnam I will spare you the
details of this withholding which can be
found in my book American war machine
pages 200 - 200 - but Tonkin Gulf is
similar to the Kennedy assassination in
9/11 and that manipulation of evidence
helped lead America in this case very
swiftly into war by now historians such
as Frederick Raghava
have agreed with the assessment of
former Undersecretary of State George
ball that the US destroyer mission in
the Tonkin Gulf which led to the Tonkin
Gulf incidents was quote primarily for
provocation close quote the planning for
this provocative mission came from the
j5 of the Joint Chiefs of Staff the same
unit that in 1963 and reported
concerning Cuba that quote the
engineering of a series of provocations
to justify military inventions is
feasible
close quote the NSA and CIA suppression
of the
on August 4th 1964 was in the context of
an existing high-level but controversial
determination to attack North Vietnam in
this respect the Tonkin Gulf incident is
remarkably similar to the suppression of
the truth by an CIA and NSA leading up
to 9/11 when there was again a high
level but also controversial
determination to go to war I want to
talk about increases in repressive power
after deep events this could have been a
whole paper just by itself all of the
deep events discussed in this talk have
contributed to the cumulative increase
of Washington's for present powers it is
clear for example that the Warren
Commission used the JFK assassination to
increase CIA surveillance of Americans
as I wrote in deep politics this was the
result of the warren commission's
controversial recommendations that the
Secret Service's domestic surveillance
responsibilities be increased some
ideologically the warren report
concluded both that Oswald acted alone
and also that the Secret Service FBI and
CIA should coordinate more closely the
surveillance of organized groups in
particular it recommended that the
Secret Service acquire a computerized
data bank compatible with that already
developed by the CIA this pattern would
repeat itself
four years later with the assassination
of Robert Kennedy in the 24 hours
between the shooting of Bobby and his
death Congress hurriedly passed the
statute drafted well in advance like the
Tonkin Gulf Resolution of 64 and the
Patriot Act of 2001 that still further
augmented the secret power
given to the Secret Service in the name
now of protecting presidential
candidates this was not a trivial or
benign change from this swiftly
considered Act passed under Johnson
Froude some of the worst excesses of the
Nixon presidency as I've shown elsewhere
this change also contributed to the
chaos and violence at the Chicago
Democratic convention of 1968 there were
army intelligence surveillance agents
seconded to these Secret Service present
both inside and outside the Democratic
convention hall
some of them equipped the so-called
Legion of Justice thugs whom Lee Chicago
red squad turned loose on local anti-war
groups in this way the extra secret
powers conferred after the art of K
assassination contributed to the
disastrous turmoil in Chicago that
effectively destroyed the old Democratic
Party representing the labor unions the
three Democratic presidents elected
since then have all been significantly
more conservative when we turned to
Watergate and iran-contra both of these
events were on one level setbacks to the
repressive powers exercised by Richard
Nixon and the Reagan White House not
expansions of them on the surface level
this is true both events result in a
number of legislative reforms that would
appear to contradict my thesis of an
expanding repressive power but we need
to distinguish here between the two
years of the Watergate crisis and the
initial Watergate break-in the Watergate
crisis saw a president forced into
resignation by a number of forces
involving both liberals and
conservatives but the key figures in the
initial Watergate break-in itself hunt
McCord G gordon Liddy and their Cuban
allies were all far to the right of Nix
and Kissinger and the end result of
their machinations was not finalized
until the so-called Halloween Massacre
in 1975 when Kissinger was ousted as
national security adviser and vice
president Nelson Rockefeller was
notified that he would be dropped from
the 1976 Republican ticket this major
shake-up was engineered by two other
right-wingers Donald Rumsfeld and Dick
Cheney in the Gerald Ford White House
that day in 1975 saw the permanent
defeat of the so-called Rockefeller or
liberal faction within the Republican
Party to be replaced by the conservative
Goldwater KC faction that would soon
capture the nomination and the
presidency for Ronald Reagan this
little-noticed palace coup along with
other related intrigues in the mid-1970s
helped achieve the conversion of America
from a welfare capitalist economy with
gradual reductions in income and wealth
disparity into a financialized plutonomy
where these progressive trends were
reversed again in the rain' contra we
see a deeper accumulation of repressive
power under the surface of liberal
reforms at the time not only the press
but even academics like myself
celebrated the termination of aid to the
Nicaraguan Contras and the victory there
of the Contador of peace process not
generally noticed at the time was the
fact that while Oliver North was removed
from his role in the Doomsday project
that projects plans for surveillance
detention and the militarization of the
United States continued to increase
after his departure also not noticed was
the fact that the US Congress
well curtailing aid to one small drug
financed CIA
see I mean Nicaragua was simultaneously
increasing us support to a much larger
coalition of drug financed proxy armies
in Afghanistan while iran-contra exposed
the 32 million which Saudi Arabia at the
urging of CIA director William Casey had
supplied to the Contras not a word was
whispered about the 500 million or more
that the Saudis again at the urging of
Casey had supplied in the same period to
the Afghan mujahideen in this sense the
drama of iran-contra in Congress can be
thought of as a misdirection play
directing public attention away from
America is much more intensive
engagement in Afghanistan a covert
policy that has since evolved into
America's longest war we should expand
our consciousness of iran-contra to
think of it as Iran Afghan Contra and if
we do he must acknowledge that in this
complex and misunderstood deep event the
CIA in Afghanistan exercised again the
paramilitary capacity that Stansfield
Turner had tried to terminate when he
was CIA director under Jimmy Carter this
was a victory in short from the faction
of men like Richard Lee the protector of
alchemy star as well as the advocate in
2004 enhanced CIA paramilitary activity
in Afghanistan
now I'd like to talk about the personnel
overlaps between the successive deep
events I will never forget the New York
Times front page on June 18th 1972 the
day after the Watergate break-in there
on page 1 were photographs of the
Watergate burglars including y-nough
Frank Sturgis alias Fiorini who I had
already written about two years earlier
and my unpublished book manuscripts the
Dallas conspiracy about the JFK
assassination Sturgis was no nonentity a
former contract employee of the CIA he
was also well connected to the mob
linked former casino owners in Havana my
early writings on the Kennedy case
focused on the connections between
Sturgis and an anti-castro Cuban
training camp near New Orleans in which
Oswald had shown an interest also in
sturgess's involvement in false
phase-one stories portraying Oswald as
part of a communist Cuban conspiracy in
spreading these phase-one stories in
1963 Sturgis was joined by a number of
Cubans who were part of the CIA
supported Army in Central America of
Manuel Artemi
our team is base in Costa Rica was
closed down in 1965 allegedly because of
its involvement in drug trafficking in
the 1980's some of these Cuban exiles
later became in drug finance support
activities for the Contras the political
mentor of Artemis mor movement was
future watergate plotter howard hunt and
Artemi in 72 would pay for the Bayeux of
the cuban Watergate burglars the drug
money launderer Lamone million rodriguez
has claimed to have delivered two
hundred thousand dollars in cash from
Artemi to pay off some of the Cuban
Watergate burglars and later in support
of the Contras he managed to costa rican
seafood company
treeger if you Coast and ocean hunter
that laundered drug money for them his
alleged that huntin McCord had both been
involved with Artemis invasion plans in
1963 it was I believe no accident that
the organization of Hunt's Protege
Artemi became admired in drug
trafficking hunt I have argued elsewhere
had been handling a u.s. drug connection
since his 1950 post in Mexico City as
chief of the old chief there of the OPC
office of policy coordination but McCord
not only had a pass in the anti-castro
activities of 1963 he was also part of
the nation's emergency planning network
that would later figure so prominently
in the background of iran-contra and
9/11 the Doomsday project McCord was a
member of a small Air Force Reserve unit
in Washington attached to the Office of
Emergency Preparedness or Weippe
assigned to draw up lists of radicals
and to develop contingency plans for
censorship of the news media and US mail
in time of war his unit was part of the
wartime information security program
whisp which had responsibility for
activating contingency plans for
imposing censorship on the press the
mails and auto telecommunications and
preventive detention of civilian
security risks who would be placed in
military camps in other words the plans
that became known in the 1980s as the
Doomsday project the continuity of
government planning on which Dick Cheney
and Rumsfeld worked together for 20
years before 9/11 so this is the common
denominator for structural deep events
project doomsday and continuity of
government planning Co G mccords
participation in an emergency planning
dealing with telecommunications suggests
a common denominator in the backgrounds
of the all the deep events we are
considering Oliver North the reagan-bush
OAP point man on the ran contra planning
was also involved in such plan in
doomsday planning and he had access to
the nation's top-secret doomsday
communication network north network
known as flash board quote excluded
other bureaucrats with other opposing
viewpoints and had its own special
worldwide anti-terrorist computer
network by which members could
communicate exclusively with each other
and their collaborators abroad flash
board was used by Norris and his
superiors for extremely sensitive
operations which had to be concealed
from other hostile parts of the
Washington bureaucracy these operations
included the illegal shipments of arms
to Iran but also other activities some
of them still not known perhaps even his
Norwegian as alleged against Olaf Palme
is Sweden flash board America's America
mergency Network in the 1980s was the
name in 1984 286 of the full fledged
continuity of government CEO GE
emergency network which was secretly
planned and for 20 years at a cost of
billions by a team including Dick Cheney
and Donald Rumsfeld and on 9/11 the same
network was activated anew by the two
men who had planned it for so many years
but this doomsday planning can be traced
back to 1963 when Jack Crichton head of
the 40 488 Army Intelligence reserve
unit
was also part of it this was in his
capacity as chief of intelligence for a
Dallas civil defense which worked out of
an underground emergency operating
center as Russ Baker
excuse me as Russ Baker reports because
it was intended for continuity of
government operations during an attack
this Center was fully equipped with
communications equipment a speech given
at the dedication of the center in 1961
supplies further details this emergency
operating center in Dallas is part of
the national plan to link federal state
and local government agencies in the
communications network from which rescue
operations can be directed in time of
local or national emergency it is a
vital part of the national state and
local operational survival plan
close quote Crichton in other words was
also part of what became known in the
1980s as the Doomsday project like James
McCord Oliver North Donald Rumsfeld and
Dick Cheney after him but in 1988 the
aim of the Doomsday project was safe
significantly a large enlarged no longer
to prepare for an atomic attack but now
to plan for the effective suspension of
the American Constitution in the face of
any emergency this change in 1988
allowed CEO G to be implemented in on
9/11 by this time the Doomsday project
had developed into what the Washington
Post called quote this is the post a
shadow government that evolved based on
long-standing continuity of operations
plans close quote it is clear that the
Office of Emergency Preparedness are we
P supplied a common denominator for key
personnel
in virtually all of the structural
events I have discussed today this is a
long way from establishing that the oep
itself in addition to the individuals I
have discussed was involved in
generating any of these events but I
believe that the alternative
communications network housed first in
the oep played a significant role in at
least three of them the JFK iran-contra
and 911 this is easiest to show in the
case of 9/11 where it's conceded that
the co G plans of the Doomsday project
were implemented by Cheney apparently
before the last of the four hijacked
planes had crashed the 9/11 Commission
could not locate records of the key
decisions taken by Cheney on that day
suggesting that they may have taken
place on the secure phone in the tunnel
leading to the presidential bunker we
know that Cheney did pause there to make
a series of phone calls and this
security phone had such a high
classification that the 9/11 Commission
were never supplied the phone records
presumably this was a co G phone it is
not clear whether the secure phone in
the White House tunnel belong to the
Secret Service or as one might expect
was part of the secure network of the
White House communications agency WHCA
if the latter we'd have a very striking
link between 9/11 and the JFK
assassination the WHCA boasts on its
website that the agency was quote a key
player and documenting the assassination
of President Kennedy close quote I
suspect this is going to be news to most
of you in this in the Copa conference it
is not clear for whom this documentation
was conducted for the WHCA logs and
transcripts were in fact withheld from
the purview of the Warren Commission the
Secret Service had installed a wh C a
portable radio in the lead
car of the presidential motorcade in
Dallas this in turn was in contact by
police radio with the pilot car ahead of
it
carrying DPD deputy chief Lumpkin of the
488 Army Intelligence reserve unit but
records of the WHCA communications from
the motorcade never reached the Warren
Commission the House Committee on
assassination or the assassination
records review board thus we cannot tell
if they would explain some of the
anomalies in the two channels of the
Dallas Police Department radio they
might for example have thrown light upon
the Sun unsourced call on the Dallas
police tapes for a suspect who had
exactly the false height and weight
recorded for Oswald in his FBI and CIA
files today in 2011 we are still living
under the state of emergency proclaimed
after 9/11 by President Bush at least
some Co G provisions are still in effect
and were even augmented by Bush through
presidential directive 51 of May 2007
commenting on PD 51 the Washington were
post reported at that time quote and
again the Washington Post after the 2001
attacks Bush assigned about a hundred
senior civil Managers civilian managers
including Cheney to rotate secretly to
Co G locations outside of Washington for
weeks or months at a time to ensure the
nation's survival a shadow government
that evolved based on long-standing
continuity of operations plans
presumably this shadow government
finalized such long-standing CEO G
projects as warrantless surveillance in
part through the Patriot Act whose
controversial provisions were already
being implemented by Cheney and others
well before the bill reached
Congress on October 12th Cheney being of
course in his Co G bunker other Co G
projects implemented included included
the militarization of domestic
surveillance under NORTHCOM and the
Department of Homeland Security's
project endgame a ten-year plan to
expand detention camps at a cost of 400
million dollars in fiscal 2007 alone
fiscal year 2007 alone that was a
favorite project of Oliver North's I've
therefore a recommendation for the
Occupy movement rightfully incensed as
it is with the pluton ohmic excesses of
Wall Street over the last three decades
it is to call for an end to the state of
emergency which has been enforced since
9/11 under which since 2008 the US Army
Combat US Army Brigade Combat Team has
been stationed permanently in the United
States to be ready quote to help with
civil unrest and crowd controlled close
quote democracy lovers must work to
prevent the political Isis now
developing in America from being
resolved by a military intervention and
of course the still further
militarization of our country let me say
in conclusion that for a half century
American politics have been constrained
and deformed by the unresolved matter of
the Kennedy assassination according to a
memo of November 25th 1963 from
assistant attorney general Nicholas
Katzenbach it was important then to
persuade the public that quote Oswald
was the assassin close quote and that
quote he did not have Confederates close
quote
obviously this priority became much more
important after these questionable
propositions were endorsed by the Warren
Report the u.s. establishment and the
mainstream press
it has remained an embarrassing priority
ever since for all succeeding
administration's including the present
one there is for example an official in
Obama's State Department todd Leventhal
whose official job until recently
included defense of the lone nut' theory
about Oswald against the so-called
conspiracy theories Oswald was not a
lone assassin then it should not
surprise us that there is continuity
between those who falsified reports
about Oswald in 1963 and those who have
distorted American politics in
subsequent deep events beginning with
Watergate since the deep event of 63 the
legitimacy of America's political system
has become vested in a lie a lie which
subsequent deep events have helped to
protect well that's my talk and do I
stop broadcasting now can anyone tell me
I guess I do I want to answer questions
but if I stop the broadcast and stop
recording perhaps I can answer the
questions on skype anyway in the absence
of instructions that's what I'm going to
do and I'll be with you in a moment
hopefully on skype